Mazraeh-ye Sang Bar (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sang Bar) is a village in Horgan Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24, in 6 families.
Vaso Sepashvili (; born 17 December 1969) is a retired Georgian professional footballer. He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League B in 1990 for FC Aktyubinets Aktyubinsk.
Scotorythra paludicola, the koa looper moth, is a moth of the family Geometridae. It was first described by Arthur Gardiner Butler in 1879. It is endemic to the Hawaiian islands of Kauai, Oahu, Maui and Hawaii. The larvae mainly feed on "Acacia koa", but have also been recorded from "Falcataria moluccana", "Grevillea" and "Tristania" species. During a recent outbreak of "S. paludicola" in 2013 on Hawaii Island, larvae were found to feed on isolated populations of the invasive tree "Falcataria moluccana" near Akaka Falls State Park. Laboratory feeding trials of these larvae showed that they could complete their development at the same rate on both the normal host ("Acacia koa") and the invasive tree ("Falcataria moluccana"). Three other exotic tree species, "Acacia confusa", "Prosopis pallida", and "Leucaena leucocephala" were not suitable host plants and all the larvae tested on these species died after 5 days of feeding.
The Palo Verde Mountains are a mountain range in northeastern Imperial County, California. The Palo Verde Mountains are located along the west side of the Colorado River in the Lower Colorado River Valley and Colorado Desert.
Qonggyai County or Chongye County, (, ) is a county of Shannan in the Tibet Autonomous Region. Qonggyai contains the Valley of the Kings, a series of graveyard tumuli, approximately south of Tsetang, Tibet, near the town of Chongye or Qonggyai on Mure Mountain. The site possesses eight large mounds of earth resembling natural hills that are believed to contain eight to ten buried Tibetan kings. Other sources, however, have indicated that there are actually nine mounds rather than eight or ten. The kings believed to be buried at the site include Songtsen Gampo (the founder of the Tibetan Empire), Mangsong Mangtsen, Tridu Songtsen, Gyangtsa Laban, Me Agtsom, Trisong Detsen, Muné Tsenpo and Ralpacan. Qonggyai Dzong was established in mid-14th century under Phagmodrupa rule. Under the Ganden Podrang, the county was part of Lhoka Governor's () jurisdiction. Since 1960, Qonggyai county is part of Lhoka (Shannan) prefecture. Qonggyai County is located in the middle of the Brahmaputra River valley and covers an area of 1030 square km, with 2.8 million mu of arable land, an area of 1.3 million mu of grassland, with a forest area of 0.7 million mu. The county had a total population of 20,000 people in 2003. Qonggyai County is located in southern Tibet and is surrounded by mountains. It has an average elevation of about 3900 meters, with a maximum altitude of 6450 meters. It is in a temperate semi-arid plateau monsoon climate zone, with an annual frost-free period of about 125,153 days. The annual rainfall is 345 millimeters and natural disasters, mainly droughts, floods, hail and pests are common. Antelope, black-necked crane, otter, swan, eagle and river deer are common. Qonggyai is dominated by agriculture, and is one of the grain based counties in Shannan. Crops grown are mainly highland barley, winter wheat, spring wheat, peas, radish, potatoes and so on. Ethnic handicrafts forms most of the industrial sector and products include buckets, kettles, Tibetan cabinets, bowls, bracelets, necklaces, incense, butter lamps, etc. The capital, Qonggyai Town (Qonggyai, Chongye) contains an ancient castle, and covers , with a population of nearly 500 people.
Thomas Lake (died 1606), of Fairlight and Hastings, Sussex, was an English politician. Lake was a Member of Parliament for Hastings in 1572, 1584 and 1586.
Its Aztec glyph is a bat on a mountain. In the 18th century, the population of this mountain moved to settle alongside the Franciscan monastery established here in the 16th century. This monastery is the best preserved of a network of missionaries established in the Toluca Valley in the mid 16th century. Today, the complex functions as the parish church, with the cloister dedicated as the colonial era museum of the state of Mexico. The history of the town and municipality begins about 1500 years ago at an elevation now named “Cerro de Murciélago” or Bat Mountain. The hill contained two caves that used to be filled with thousands of bats. The hill remained populated until the 18th century, when a plague pushed the population toward the Franciscan monastery, which functioned as a hospital. A deity named Zinacan was associated with the mountain. Shortly after the Spanish Conquest, this deity would be believed to be an incarnation of the Devil. Today, the bat population of the area is limited to a few caves in the Nevado de Toluca National Park. The mountain is mined for gravel and alongside it is the Hacienda de Santa Cruz de los Patos, which is now part of the Mexiquense College, as a research center and library. The earliest known ethnicity in the area is the Otomi, who still are present, especially in smaller communities in the municipality such as San Luis Mextepec and Acahulaco. In the south of the municipality, there are Matlatzincas; however, there are very few. The area was conquered by the Aztecs in the latter 15th century by Axayacatl. Zinacantepec was then ruled from Tlacopan as a tributary province. During the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire, the Otomis sided with the Spanish and the Matlazincas against. Gonzalo de Sandoval came to the Toluca Valley with 18 cavalry and 100 infantry. They were joined by 60,000 Otomi and conquered the Matlatzincas. The area around what is now the city of Toluca, including Zinacantepec, came under the rule of Hernán Cortés administrated by his cousin Juan Gutiérrez Altamirano in what would become the County of Santiago de Calimaya. The west part of the valleybecame part of the encomendero of Juan de Sámano. This same family founded the Hacienda de laGavia which owned much of the arable land in the municipality. While no battles were fought here during the Mexican War of Independence, many here joined the army of Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla against the colonial government, with many fighting at the Battle of Monte de las Cruces.
Maria-Elena Papasotiriou (born 27 January 1990) is an American figure skater who represented Greece. She was born in Park Ridge, Illinois. She was placed 31st at the 2007 European Championships.
Ezekial Dann Florek (born May 1, 1950) is an American actor and director. He is best known for his role as New York City Police Captain Donald Cragen on NBC's "Law & Order" and its spinoff "". Born Ezekial Dann Florek in Flat Rock, Michigan, the son of Leonard Florek, a chiropractor, and Darlene Florek. He attended Eastern Michigan University, but never graduated. He moved to New York City to pursue an acting career in the theatre. Florek worked his way into supporting roles in such diverse 1980s films as "Sweet Liberty", "Moon Over Parador" and "Angel Heart". He also played Mr. Slate in the live-action film version of "The Flintstones". Florek played Dave Meyer, the husband of Susan Ruttan's character, Roxanne Melman, on 22 episodes of NBC's hit drama "L.A. Law" beginning in 1988. Florek also had a recurring role in the WB sitcom "Smart Guy" as the high school gym coach. He also appeared in several episodes of "Roseanne". Starting in 1990, Florek co-starred in the NBC police procedural and legal drama television series "Law & Order" as Capt. Don Cragen. The first few years of "Law & Order" had mediocre ratings and finally after the close of the 1992-93 season, NBC told creator/executive producer Dick Wolf that they would cancel the show unless he added a few women to the all-male cast. Wolf reluctantly complied and fired Florek as well as Richard Brooks (who played Paul Robinette), replacing them with S. Epatha Merkerson and Jill Hennessy, respectively. However, Florek was allowed to direct a few "Law & Order" episodes in 1994 and 1995. Florek reprised the role of Cragen in the 1995 episode "Bad Faith" (which he also directed), and in the 1998 TV-movie "", centered on former "L&O" star Chris Noth's character, Mike Logan. In 1999 he returned to the Cragen role, only this time on the "Law & Order" spin-off series "", as the unit captain. Florek was written out of the series during its 15th season, and his final episode aired on January 15, 2014. He reprised his role in the 21st episode of season 16 in May 2015. Florek and his wife, Karen, live in Venice, Los Angeles. His brother, Dave, is also an actor. All three trained in the Daniel L. Quirk Jr. drama school at Eastern Michigan University. Florek received an honorary Bachelor of Arts and an honorary Doctorate of Arts (on December 13, 2008, and December 14, 2008, respectively) from Eastern Michigan University, presented to him by President Susan Martin and the EMU Board of Regents.
His family converted to the LDS Church and emigrated to the United States when he was six, making the journey from Omaha to Utah by ox team. Originally they settled in Payson, but moved to Salt Lake City in 1868, so he could attend school. He was enrolled at the 20th Ward Academy, where one of his teachers was Karl G. Maeser. Over the next ten years, he was tutored by George M. Ottinger and Dan Weggeland; instructors at the University of Deseret (now the University of Utah). He also learned photography and worked as an assistant to George Edward Anderson. In 1881, Hafen and a group of young artists founded the Utah Art Association, organizing exhibitions and providing art instruction. In 1890, he convinced the LDS Church leadership to sponsor art studies in France. Together with John Fairbanks, Lorus Pratt and Edwin Evans, Hafen was awarded a two-year scholarship to study at the Académie Julian in Paris, where their primary instructor was Albert Rigolot, and they became known as the "French Art Missionaries". Due to family financial difficulties, he had to return after only one year and was the first of his group to begin work at the Temple, playing a major role in the initial mural planning. In 1893, after the temple was consecrated, he rejoined the Utah Art Association and served as Vice-President. He wasn't able to support his wife and ten children by painting, however and, by invitation from Benjamin Cluff, taught art at the "Brigham Young Academy" (precursor to the University), while continuing to receive $100 per month to paint for the Church. Many of his works are now part of the collection at the Museum of Church History and Art. Although too poor to pay his rent, by trading a painting for the right to use some land and bartering with locals for help with the construction, he was able to acquire a home in Springville; a Swiss-style chalet, designed by his friend Alberto Treganza. It is now in the National Register of Historic Places as the "John Hafen House". He donated many paintings to Springville High School and encouraged other artists to do the same. The collection grew to the point that it required a separate building and formed the nucleus for the Springville Museum of Art. In 1908, still struggling financially, he moved to Indiana to work with the Hoosier Group (an informal association of Impressionist landscape artists) and achieved wider recognition, including a commission to paint Governor Thomas R. Marshall's portrait.